Now, let's look at case B.
So, calculate the prediction of a model that uses
features zero and two, which is right here.
Calculate the prediction of a model that uses feature two,
which is right here, and then calculate the difference.
So, here, you can actually follow the example A very closely to fill this out.
But also before you run them,
we can also look at the actual feature and label
data to decide ourselves what the output should be.
Then, we can compare it with code,
with what our conceptual understanding should be.
So, for instance, when we're using features zero and two,
then feature two actually doesn't help with the predictions because remember,
when we looked at all the features,
only features zero and one are creating the end operator,
and feature two is actually zero everywhere.
So, when feature zero is one as in our sample observation,
then half of the labels are zero,
and the other half of the labels are one because this was
just how our made-up data set was defined.
So, when half of the labels are zero,
have the labels are one,
the average prediction is 0.5.
So, if you look at Y for instance,
in the case when feature zero is one,
which is these cases here,
then in those cases, half of the time,
the Y labels are one,
and the other half of the time the labels are zero.
So, the average of that is 0.5,
and you'll just verify this when we implement the code.
So, we'll do something similar,
calculate the model's prediction when it's trained only on feature two and remember,
since feature two doesn't help with predicting the labels in y,
and feature two is zero,
for all the training observations,
the prediction of the model is actually just the average of all the 100 training labels.
So, one fourth of the labels are one,
and the rest are zero.
So, the average of that is 0.25.
And again, you can inspect the labels.
So, when the features actually don't help,
then you just take the average of
all the labels and you see that one fourth of them are one.
So again, you'll verify this when you implement the code.
Then, just take the difference between those two predictions.
So, that's the marginal contribution of feature zero and then calculate the weight,
and go ahead and use the calc weight function that we defined earlier.
We expect it should give you a weight of one divided by six.
So, please try it out, and then check out the solution video. Thanks.